Hey, Lord Lu, you said there is no shortage of girls around you?
The body is still an important bowl.
I'm a pure boy, hahaha.
Hello Du Yao
Don't say it's over there.
You should accompany me to my banquet last time, right?
Sure, I'm nearby.
It'll be there soon, I'll wait for you.
Hey, Ouyang, you're finally here.
Sorry, only the money boss.
It's okay, I'm very happy that you can come.
I still need your help at the banquet today
Just help me break up
Banquet today
It was actually an auction my father organized
Hmm so cold
The whole hardship will come today, and Shi Tianzong
Who auctions off the most valuable items?
Who are the opportunities that the future imposes?
So so you find a junk collector
Let him choose two treasures for you.
You really thought he could save you?
It's Mr. Tian, be careful what you say, this is my friend
Miss Shi found a gambler to
You are so
The size of Quanchengtian is just that.
Master Chen, why are you hitting me?
I'm obviously speaking for you.
Don't you know who you are?
Ah, aren't you a dog in my hands?
You still need me to teach you what to do.